# 10th Anniversary brainstorming and planning

Date: October 3th, 2017
Original notes: https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1bxzC_7RDo5GyVdG1sGaxBO2tM09yfj-O3MYIYpNltYM/edit
Participants: Reid, Sarah, Thursday, Chris, Gaba

## Goals

* Closure -- if this is the last OSB
    * Can make this an aside
    * Opportunity to get next year’s organizers in advance
    * Otherwise say goodbye!
    * Installation / mini-museum
* Cohesive set of content?
* Increase profit to nonprofit
* Connect people working in OS projects
* Space for diverse community
* Highlight good work in OS

### What we are going to do:

* 10 years!
* Party
* Future post-OSB? What does this look like?
    * Launch next initiative     
* What does connecting people look like? 
    * Facilitation?
    * Meetup proposals?
    * Originate open source projects?
    * Bringing in partner communities

## Team structure 

In advance, draft roles and responsibilities for 

* Co-Chairs
    * Thursday
    * Sara 
* Volunteers
    * Outreach coordinator(s)
    * Reach out to other groups for volunteers
    * Have pairs for points of contact/work
* Content chair(s)
* Community / partnership coordinator(s)
    * Melissa? Little burned out though
* Logistics Chair(s)
    * Paige Hubbel?
* Fundraising/Sponsorship coordinator(s)
    * Josh Schoonmmaker?
* Marketing coordinator(s)
* Code of Conduct officers
 
## Communication

* Volunteer coordinator
* Community / partnership coordinator
    * Point on getting in touch with the 
* GitHub issues are source of truth 
* Transparency
    * Could be GH issues
    * Milestones, etc.
    * Logging steps we have taken
    * Different projects per team

## Venue

* Let’s talk to Holly
    * Thursday -- do a walk through of the chapel
    * Maybe we don’t need the sanctuary for keynotes
    * Need to know which rooms we need (bc Eliot center rents out others) and which days.
    * Email now, ASAP for room rentals
    * Next 2 weeks
    * First round partnerships nailed down in 2 weeks
* Overall block map of the week, then figure out the week
* Add the chapel space if we have lots of attendance

* Space 
    * Classrooms
    * Buchan space (hacker lounge) 
    * Sanctuary
    * Chapel (haven’t reserved this before)

## Structure Conference/Content

* 3 tracks / 4 days
    * E.g. simultaneously 
        * Intro
        * Advanced
        * Hackathon 
* Bring in smaller conferences 
    * Small conferences don’t always have the bandwidth to organize
    * Expect partners to bring in type of content -- and tell them that!
        * More / less culture talks (for example)
        * Follow CoC
    * They will facilitate their own 
    * PyDX
    * Django Girls
    * Stumptown syndicate partners
    * Donut JS -- session PM
    * “Programming languages you’ve wanted to try”
        * KF -- used to work at Simple
        * Ask thursday 
    * Ignite?
    * Security
        * Swenson -- depends on him to opt-in to do it haha
        * Say yes!
* Framework
    * One day o
    * Different content for different days
        * This is because folks have different interests
        * Would be nice to consider letting people come to 1 day they are interested in
        * Concentrate tracks on each day
        * Possible to bring in partners 
* OSB themes (OUR content / 1 day / vs content from other open source community (e.g. PyDX)
    * Sustainability
        * Of a project itself? Or environmentally?
    * Diversity
    * Of open source participants
        * FUTURE / what’s next
        * How we got here
        * Wall of hats ;) 
        * What’s next?
        * Where is that going?
        * Selena -- an original founder?
        * “Map of dilemmas” installation
* Levels of content
    * Basic running concurrent with Advanced 
        * E.g. PyDX + DjangoGirls
        * Intro = anyone can attend (basic coding prereq)
        * IF content is narrow, include offsite field trip 
* Cross-pollination of languages / disciplines
    * Informal social time
    * Facilitated discussions
* Facilitation
    * Guide sent in advance
    * Facilitation workshop on day 1
        (looking at you indie web camp)
    * Code of Conduct workshop
        * Empower your own communities
* Hacker lounge
    * Ham radio
    * More structure 
    * People in charge of the space
        * Radio person at a table
        * Subject matter experts
        * Project leads
        * 2-3 hackathon projects per day
            * Theme the hackathon
            * See Grace Hopper hackathon for calagator
        * Support in-person
            * E.g. git troubleshooting
    * Other makers / tech
        * Dorkbot
        * Creative coding, ask Reid who they are
            * Artistic code stuffff
        * Pig squad
            * Have brought games in the past
        * Portland Retro Gaming
            * Ask thursday
            * For the party
    * Also emphasis on lounge?
* Morning Session
    * Reserve chapel in the AM.
        * Scrap the sanctuary?
* Feedback session/day  (Thursday before party?)
    * Bring tissues :...)
    * Before party
* Blockmap of the week
    * One day (Tuesday?):
        * Tracks: PyDX, DjangoG, LangTrack?
        * Coordinate cofffee, when breaks happens and beginner/advance sessions
    * One day (Wednesday?):
        * Hackaton and lighting talks 
            * maybe DonutJS 
            * Maybe UX night school
    * One day (Thursday?):
        * OSB with facilitated sessions
        * Party with Goodbye thingie
            * Pigsquad?
    * One day (Friday?):
        * Indieweb?

* Next Steps:
    * Create  a possible blockmap of what the week would look like
    * Create expectations doc for community conference coordinators

## Dates


* How many days do we really want to do?
* Possible dates
    * June 19-22
    * June 26-29 ←- 
* Conflicts with other conferences (Avoid!)
    * Allied media
        * June 14-17, 2018
* Calendar of milestones
    * January CFP
    * First nail down schedule / partnerships
    * Dates
    * Organizers
    * Marketing calendar
    * etc.

## Money / Sponsors

* Talk with Josh and other people to coordinate it /do it
* Organizing 
    * In a spreadsheet! <--Thursday starts this
* Speaker Gifts
    * Client Joy
* What won’t we do for money
    * No Uber $
    * Can we do a party with booths? 
        * Can talk about this.
        * Different night than the Thursday Party.
* Crowdfunding
    * For scholarships
        * Turn this into marketing campaign ;) 
    * Reid would develop the donation page
* Media sponsors 
* Support team on-site
    * E.g. Engineer from github can help troubleshoot issues
    * Other

## Tech/Site

* Https
* Redesign?
* Donation page ← Reid

## Next meeting

* Create list of groups & guideline for what we are asking from them
* Meeting on first Tuesday of the month.
* Responsibilities/expectations for each role in the organizing team
* Overview of GH issues and how we communicate / log steps / per team
    * Begin to fill roles    
* Thursday is organizing first steps on sponsorships before next meeting 
    * Little green light
    * spreadsheet
* Calendar of milestones???
    * January CFP
    * First nail down schedule / partnerships
* Schedule next tech meeting about tech stuff
* Notes on syndicate wiki? On GH issues?